special training program number four is
learning how to use the handbrake
according to the radius of the corner
okay first of all okay here how about
this see I counter steered and stop the
car facing the direction I want to exit
you have to counter steer toward the
exit direction you can see here that I
am actually counter steering and it's
okay to pull the e brake and stop here
beginners tend to end up facing the
wrong direction like this so controlling
the car towards the direction that you
want to go is crucial here you can do
this by adjusting how long you actually
pull the e brake I was supposed to go
that way but I was pulling the e brake
too long but let's face it you'll mess
up at the beginning so learn from your
mistakes and don't smash up your car and
pay for repairs all the time like I did
you guys have places like this drift
land I think it's important to practice
without worrying about your repair fees
or putting someone else in danger
[Music]
see here I'm pulling the ebrake too long
letting the car slide too much in this
situation your left hand is pulling the
ebrake and your right hand working the
counter steer is too slow this is how
you'll end up facing the direction that
you came from so just shorten the time
you're pulling the ebrake
[Music]
this is what happens when you steer too
much this was a good example as you just
saw I began countersteering too late and
then I recovered the counter steer too
late as a result my car just lost
control if on my steering work was done
earlier I could have avoided this
[Music]
if you end up doing this just hit the
brakes and stop the car take a deep
breath and calm down you won't get
anywhere trying to recover from this
state so just stop the car okay let's
review the training program I admit that
this training needs ever but you want to
have fun too
so find a safe place to practice and
start from 180 degree turn then try the
360 but you need an LSD to do this then
the 90 degree turn and when you learn
all this come to a track like this one
to practice or you can find something
like this to practice doing donuts you
need an LSD
kibou track like this to practice pool
radius at the corner if it's a 90-degree
corner just pull the e brake for a
second counter steal and then hit the
gas 480 which actually is a u-turn you
need to keep pulling for at least one
second to let the tail slide so practice
and learn to get the feeling of what
kind of speed angle and steering work is
needed for various terms i said practice
but you'll have so much fun you won't
feel if you're practicing at all